SensIDL Vorto Microservice
=======

This project implements a microservice interface for the [Vorto](http://www.eclipse.org/vorto/) online Model Repository. If deployed to a Vorto Repository, it provides a service to transform any vorto model from the repository to a SensIDL instance and generate Java code using the SensIDL Java Generator.

The output of the Generator includes:

* A SensIDL instance in the **.sidl** format
* All code generated by the SensIDL Java Generator

## Prerequisites

* Maven 3 
* A running Vorto Respository Server that the SensIDL Vorto Service can be deployed to. If the repo is not listening to *"localhost:8080"* the property files in the [resources folder]() should be updated accordingly.


* To build this project with maven, the project containing all the qvto references(*de.fzi.sensidl.vorto.sensidl.qvtbundle*) should already be installed in your local maven repository. Further instructions on this can be found in the corresponding [Readme]().
* Also your local repository should at least contain the compiled *"org.eclipse.vorto.codegen"* and *"org.eclipse.vorto.codegen.service"* artifacts from the Eclipse Vorto Project. Instructions, on how to build these can be found in the [Repository](https://github.com/eclipse/vorto/blob/development/Readme.md).

### Build & Run
Simply execute:
```
mvn clean install spring-boot:run -Dspring.profiles.active=local
```
in the main directory of this project and that's it. The service will register itself at the server.