# SensIDL example - Eddystone
This section may give a little more intuition how SensIDL can be used. SensIDL is used primarily to describe sensor-interfaces but can also be used in different application areas as well. The example-project shows how Eddystone - a protocol specification - can be described by SensIDL. Eddystone defines a Bluetooth low energy message format for beacon devices. The Eddystone-repository site can be found under the following <a href="https://github.com/google/eddystone">link</a>. 

SensIDL enables the user to describe protocol specifications - like Eddystone - for different beacon devices. The generated code can be accessed and enables the user to specify values for the different bytes. Eddystone defined three different frame-types which can be used for different purposes. The exact protocol specification is provided on the <a href="https://github.com/google/eddystone">Eddystone-documentation</a> site. 

* <strong>Eddystone - UID:</strong> The UID frame-type is used to identify beacon devices. It consists of a namespace- and instance-id. The namespace-id can be used to group a set of devices. A specific device can be identified in the namespace by the instance-id. With SensIDL the namespace- and instance-bytes can be described.
* <strong>Eddystone - URL:</strong> The URL frame-type has the same usage like the UID frame-type before and can be described similiar with SensIDL. The difference is to identify a beacon device by URL instead of namespace and instance.
* <strong>Eddystone - TLM:</strong> The TLM frame-type provides information about the inner state of beacon devices like battery charge or temperature. There exist to options how to describe this information with SensIDL. On the one hand each single byte of the TLM protocol can be described by SensIDL like before. On the other hand the inner state can be described by measurements which is more practical approach. 
